Review competition terms and conditions

By clicking on the "I Understand and Accept" button below, you agree to be bound by the competition rules for The Pokémon Company - PTCG AI Battle Challenge Strategy.

COMPETITION-SPECIFIC RULES

ENTRY IN THIS COMPETITION CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE OFFICIAL COMPETITION RULES.

See Section 3.18 for defined terms

The Competition named below is a skills-based competition sponsored by the Pokémon Company (“Sponsor” or “Pokémon”) to promote and further the field of data science and is hosted by Google Inc. (“Kaggle” or “Host”) on the Kaggle platform. You must register via the Competition Website to enter. To enter the Competition, you must agree to these Official Competition Rules, which incorporate by reference the provisions and content of the Competition Website and any Specific Competition Rules herein (collectively, the "Rules"). Please read these Rules carefully before entry to ensure you understand and agree. You further agree that Submission in the Competition constitutes agreement to these Rules. You may not submit to the Competition and are not eligible to receive the prizes associated with this Competition unless you agree to these Rules. These Rules form a binding legal agreement between you and Kaggle, as well as directly between you and Pokémon, with respect to the Competition. Your competition Submissions must conform to the requirements stated on the Competition Website. Your Submissions will be scored based on the evaluation metric described on the Competition Website. Subject to compliance with the Competition Rules, Prizes, if any, will be awarded to Participants with the best scores, based on the merits of the data science models submitted. See below for the complete Competition Rules.

You cannot sign up to Kaggle from multiple accounts and therefore you cannot enter or submit from multiple accounts.
1. COMPETITION-SPECIFIC TERMS
1. COMPETITION TITLE

The Pokémon Company - PTCG AI Battle Challenge Strategy
2. COMPETITION HOST

Google LLC
3. COMPETITION HOST ADDRESS

1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043
4. SPONSOR

The Pokémon Company
5. SPONSOR ADDRESS

Roppongi Hills Mori Tower , 6-10-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-6147
6. COMPETITION WEBSITE

https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/pokemon-tcg-ai-battle-challenge-strategy
7. TOTAL PRIZES AVAILABLE: $240,000

Eight (8) Finalists will receive $30,000 each. Finalists may also be invited to an in-person tournament, hosted by The Pokémon Company in Tokyo, Japan, held TBD.
8. WINNER LICENSE TYPE

MIT
9. DATA ACCESS AND USE

Competition Use Only
2. COMPETITION-SPECIFIC RULES

In addition to the provisions of the General Competition Rules below, you understand and agree to these Competition-Specific Rules required by the Host:
1. TEAM LIMITS

a. The maximum Team size is five (5).

b. Team mergers are allowed and can be performed by the Team leader. In order to merge, the combined Team must have a total Submission count less than or equal to the maximum allowed as of the Team Merger Deadline. The maximum allowed is the number of Submissions per day multiplied by the number of days the competition has been running.

c. In order to be eligible for prizes, participants must compete as part of the same Team registered in the Simulation division. Cross-division Team composition must remain identical, and any changes to Team membership must be reflected equally across both divisions.
2. SUBMISSION LIMITS

a. For Hackathons, each Team may submit one (1) Submission only.
3. COMPETITION TIMELINE

a. Competition Timeline dates (including Entry Deadline, Final Submission Deadline, Start Date, and Team Merger Deadline, as applicable) are reflected on the competition’s Overview > Timeline page.
4. COMPETITION DATA

a. Data Access and Use.

    You may access and use the Competition Data only for participating in the Competition and on Kaggle.com forums. The Host reserves the right to disqualify any Participant who uses the Competition Data other than as permitted by the Competition Website and these Rules.

    Pokémon grants you a revocable, non‑exclusive license to reproduce and adapt, the Competition Data and such information within the Competition Data (meaning information relating to Pokémon cards, image assets, source code provided on Kaggle, and all other materials provided by Pokémon in connection with this competition, including any copies thereof; the same shall apply hereinafter) as is objectively and reasonably deemed necessary for the development of Submissions for this Competition, solely for use during the period of the Competition and solely for purposes related to the Competition (including the development of submissions). Your use of the Competition Data shall be limited to the scope of the license set forth in the preceding paragraph, and you shall not use Competition Data for any other purpose. Upon the conclusion of the Competition, you shall promptly delete the Competition Data.

    All copyrights, patent rights, trademark rights, design rights, trade secrets, and all other intellectual property rights (including the rights set forth in Articles 27 and 28 of the Copyright Act of Japan; collectively, the “Intellectual Property Rights”) relating to the Submissions and all works produced in connection with this Competition (including developed models, code (including, but not limited to Competition Code as defined below), tools, and derivatives; collectively, the “Works”) shall be retained by you. However, in addition to the rights expressly stated in these Rules, you grant Pokémon, Kaggle and any third party designated by Pokémon a free, non‑exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide license to use (including reproduction, adaptation, public transmission, distribution, translation, and all other forms of use) the Submissions solely for purposes relating to the operation (including announcing the winners) of the Competition.

    Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, all intellectual property rights and any other rights relating to the Competition Data, and all Pokémon Elements included in the Submissions and Works (including Pokémon cards, shapes and names of Pokémon‑related characters, data, rules, strategies, know‑how, and all other assets) shall belong to Pokémon or to third parties that have granted rights to Pokémon. Such rights shall not belong, be transferred, or be assigned to you. You shall not exercise any moral rights of authorship, nor permit any third party to exercise such rights, against Pokémon or any person designated by Pokémon.

b. Data Security.

    You agree to use reasonable and suitable measures to prevent persons who have not formally agreed to these Rules from gaining access to the Competition Data. You agree not to transmit, duplicate, publish, redistribute or otherwise provide or make available the Competition Data to any party not participating in the Competition. You agree to notify Kaggle and Pokémon immediately upon learning of any possible unauthorized transmission of or unauthorized access to the Competition Data and agree to work with Kaggle and Pokémon to rectify any unauthorized transmission or access.

5. LICENSES

a. Under Section 2.8 (Winners Obligations) of the General Rules below, you hereby grant and will grant the following license(s) with respect to your Submission if you are a Competition winner:

    Open Source: You hereby license and will license your winning Submission and the source code used to generate the Submission under an Open Source Initiative-approved license (see www.opensource.org) that in no event limits commercial use of such code or model containing or depending on such code.

    For generally commercially available software that you used to generate your Submission that is not owned by you, but that can be procured by the Host without undue expense, you do not need to grant the license in the preceding Section for that software.

    In the event that input data or pretrained models with an incompatible license are used to generate your winning solution, you will not grant an open source license in the preceding Section for that data and/or model(s). For clarification purposes, you may not include any data or materials provided to you by Kaggle or Sponsor in the Open Sourced Code.

b. You may be required by the Host to provide a detailed description of how the winning Submission was generated, to the Host’s specifications, as outlined in Section 2.8, Winner’s Obligations. This may include a detailed description of methodology, where one must be able to reproduce the approach by reading the description, and includes a detailed explanation of the architecture, preprocessing, loss function, training details, hyper-parameters, etc. The description should also include a link to a code repository with complete and detailed instructions so that the results obtained can be reproduced.

You shall not, without Pokémon’s prior permission, use, whether for commercial or non‑commercial purposes, or grant any license to any third party to use, your winning Submissions that includes Pokémon Elements or any derivative work of the Pokémon Elements in any manner that competes with, or diminishes the value of, the products, services, or content provided by Pokémon or by parties involved in the Competition (including but not limited to the sponsors of the Competition).

All Pokémon Elements shall belong solely to Pokémon. Except as expressly permitted under these Competition Rules, Pokémon does not grant you any right to use the Pokémon Elements.
6. EXTERNAL DATA AND TOOLS

a. You may use data other than the Competition Data (“External Data”) to develop and test your Submissions. However, you will ensure the External Data is either publicly available and equally accessible to use by all Participants of the Competition for purposes of the competition at no cost to the other Participants, Kaggle or Pokémon, or satisfies the Reasonableness criteria as outlined in Section 2.6.b below. The ability to use External Data under this Section does not limit your other obligations under these Competition Rules, including but not limited to Section 2.8 (Winners Obligations).

b. The use of external data and models is acceptable unless specifically prohibited by the Host. Because of the potential costs or restrictions (e.g., “geo restrictions”) associated with obtaining rights to use external data or certain software and associated tools, their use must be “reasonably accessible to all” and of “minimal cost”. Also, regardless of the cost challenges as they might affect all Participants during the course of the competition, the costs of potentially procuring a license for software used to generate a Submission, must also be considered. The Host will employ an assessment of whether or not the following criteria can exclude the use of the particular LLM, data set(s), or tool(s):

    Are Participants being excluded from a competition because of the "excessive" costs for access to certain LLMs, external data, or tools that might be used by other Participants. The Host will assess the excessive cost concern by applying a “Reasonableness” standard (the “Reasonableness Standard”). The Reasonableness Standard will be determined and applied by the Host in light of things like cost thresholds and accessibility.

    By way of example only, a small subscription charge to use additional elements of a large language model such as Gemini Advanced are acceptable if meeting the Reasonableness Standard of Sec. 8.2. Purchasing a license to use a proprietary dataset that exceeds the cost of a prize in the competition would not be considered reasonable.

c. You represent and warrant that you have cleared all necessary rights to use External Data in the Competition and for any other types of exploitation provided herein and shall not violate any terms provided by rightsholders.

d. Automated Machine Learning Tools (“AMLT”)

    Individual Participants and Teams may use automated machine learning tool(s) (“AMLT”) (e.g., Google AutoML, H2O Driverless AI, etc.) to create a Submission, provided that the Participant or Team ensures that they have an appropriate license to the AMLT such that they are able to comply with the Competition Rules.

7. ELIGIBILITY

a. Unless otherwise stated in the Competition-Specific Rules above or prohibited by internal policies of the Competition Entities, employees, interns, contractors, officers and directors of Competition Entities may enter and participate in the Competition, but are not eligible to win any Prizes. "Competition Entities" means the Sponsor, Kaggle, and their respective parent companies, subsidiaries and affiliates. If you are such a Participant from a Competition Entity, you are subject to all applicable internal policies of your employer with respect to your participation.
8. WINNER’S OBLIGATIONS

a. As a condition to being awarded a Prize, a Prize winner must fulfill the following obligations:

    Deliver to the Host and the Sponsor the final model's software code as used to generate the winning Submission and associated documentation. The delivered software code should follow these documentation guidelines, must be capable of generating the winning Submission, and contain a description of resources required to build and/or run the executable code successfully. For avoidance of doubt, delivered software code should include training code, inference code, and a description of the required computational environment.

    a. To the extent that the final model’s software code includes generally commercially available software that is not owned by you, but that can be procured by the Host and/or the Sponsor without undue expense, then instead of delivering the code for that software to the Host and the Sponsor, you must identify that software, method for procuring it, and any parameters or other information necessary to replicate the winning Submission; Individual Participants and Teams who create a Submission using an AMLT may win a Prize. However, for clarity, the potential winner’s Submission must still meet the requirements of these Rules, including but not limited to Section 2.5 (Winners License), Section 2.8 (Winners Obligations), and Section 3.14 (Warranty, Indemnity, and Release).”

    b. Individual Participants and Teams who create a Submission using an AMLT may win a Prize. However, for clarity, the potential winner’s Submission must still meet the requirements of these Rules,

    Grant the license to the winning Submission stated in the Competition Specific Rules above, and represent that you have the unrestricted right to grant that license;

    Sign and return all Prize acceptance documents as may be required by the Competition Entities, including without limitation: (a) eligibility certifications; (b) licenses, releases and other agreements required under the Rules; and (c) U.S. tax forms (such as IRS Form W-9 if U.S. resident, IRS Form W-8BEN if foreign resident, or future equivalents).

    You shall, at the time of receiving the Prizes and other awards set forth in the Rules, warrant that, under the laws and regulations of the jurisdiction in which you reside at the time, the receipt of such Prizes does not violate any gambling regulations or other legal restrictions.

9. GOVERNING LAW

a. Unless otherwise provided in the Competition Specific Rules above, all claims arising out of or relating to these Rules will be governed by California law, excluding its conflict of laws rules, and will be litigated exclusively in the Federal or State courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA. The parties consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts. If any provision of these Rules is held to be invalid or unenforceable, all remaining provisions of the Rules will remain in full force and effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all claims involving Pokémon will be governed by Japanese law, excluding its conflict of laws rules, and any disputes involving Pokémon shall be finally settled by arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of The Japan Commercial Arbitration Association (except in the event that you reside in a jurisdiction that is not a signatory to the Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards, in which case such dispute shall be resolved at a court having jurisdiction over the defendant’s domicile). The place of the arbitration shall be Tokyo, Japan.
3. GENERAL COMPETITION RULES - BINDING AGREEMENT
1. ELIGIBILITY

a. To be eligible to enter the Competition, you must be:

    a registered account holder at Kaggle.com;
    the older of 18 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence (unless otherwise agreed to by the Host and appropriate parental/guardian consents have been obtained by the Host);
    not a resident of Crimea, so-called Donetsk People's Republic (DNR) or Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Cuba, Iran, or North Korea; and
    not a person or representative of an entity under U.S. export controls or sanctions (see: https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/Pages/Programs.aspx).

b. Competitions are open to residents of the United States and worldwide, except that if you are a resident of Crimea, so-called Donetsk People's Republic (DNR) or Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Cuba, Iran, North Korea, or are subject to U.S. export controls or sanctions, you may not enter the Competition. Other local rules and regulations may apply to you, so please check your local laws to ensure that you are eligible to participate in skills-based competitions. The Competition Host reserves the right to forego or award alternative Prizes where needed to comply with local laws. If a winner is located in a country where prizes cannot be awarded, then they are not eligible to receive a prize.

c. If you are entering as a representative of a company, educational institution or other legal entity, or on behalf of your employer, these rules are binding on you, individually, and the entity you represent or where you are an employee. If you are acting within the scope of your employment, or as an agent of another party, you warrant that such party or your employer has full knowledge of your actions and has consented thereto, including your potential receipt of a Prize. You further warrant that your actions do not violate your employer's or entity's policies and procedures.

d. The Host reserves the right to verify eligibility and to adjudicate on any dispute at any time. If you provide any false information relating to the Competition concerning your identity, residency, mailing address, telephone number, email address, ownership of right, or information required for entering the Competition, you may be immediately disqualified from the Competition.

e. If you belong to an organization or company, you may participate in this competition only if all of the following conditions are satisfied:

    You do not use any confidential information of your employer.
    Any invention that may arise in the Competition will not constitute a job‑related invention belonging to your employer.
    Your participation does not violate any non‑compete obligations you owe to your employer.

2. SPONSOR AND HOSTING PLATFORM

a. The Competition is sponsored by the Sponsor. The Competition is hosted on behalf of Sponsor by Kaggle on the Kaggle Platform. As a Kaggle.com account holder and user of the Kaggle competition platform, remember you have accepted and are subject to the Kaggle Terms of Service at www.kaggle.com/terms in addition to these Rules. Under the Kaggle Terms of Service, Kaggle is the Host User and the Sponsor is the Competition Sponsor.
3. COMPETITION PERIOD

a. For the purposes of Prizes, the Competition will run from the Start Date and time to the Final Submission Deadline (such duration the “Competition Period”). The Competition Timeline is subject to change, and the Host may introduce additional hurdle deadlines during the Competition Period. Any updated or additional deadlines will be publicized on the Competition Website. It is your responsibility to check the Competition Website regularly to stay informed of any deadline changes. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING THE CORRESPONDING TIME ZONE IN YOUR LOCATION.
4. COMPETITION ENTRY

a. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. To enter the Competition, you must register on the Competition Website prior to the Entry Deadline, and follow the instructions for developing and entering your Submission through the Competition Website. Your Submissions must be made in the manner and format, and in compliance with all other requirements, stated on the Competition Website (the "Requirements"). Submissions must be received before any Submission deadlines stated on the Competition Website. Submissions not received by the stated deadlines will not be eligible to receive a Prize.

b. Submissions may not use or incorporate information from hand labeling or human prediction of the validation dataset or test data records.

c. If the Competition is a multi-stage competition with temporally separate training and/or test data, one or more valid Submissions may be required during each Competition stage in the manner described on the Competition Website in order for the Submissions to be Prize eligible.

d. Submissions are void if they are in whole or part illegible, incomplete, damaged, altered, counterfeit, obtained through fraud, or late. The Host reserves the right to disqualify any entrant who does not follow these Rules, including making a Submission that does not meet the Requirements.
5. INDIVIDUALS AND TEAMS

a. Individual Account. You may make Submissions only under one, unique Kaggle.com account. You will be disqualified if you make Submissions through more than one Kaggle account, or attempt to falsify an account to act as your proxy. You may submit up to the maximum number of Submissions per day as specified on the Competition Website.

b. Teams. If permitted under the Competition Website guidelines, multiple individuals may collaborate as a Team; however, you may join or form only one Team. Each Team member must be a single individual with a separate Kaggle account. You must register individually for the Competition before joining a Team. You must confirm your Team membership to make it official by responding to the Team notification message sent to your Kaggle account. Team membership may not exceed the Maximum Team Size stated on the Competition Website.

c. Team Merger. Teams (or individual Participants) may request to merge via the Competition Website. Team mergers may be allowed provided that: (i) the combined Team does not exceed the Maximum Team Size; (ii) the number of Submissions made by the merging Teams does not exceed the number of Submissions permissible for one Team at the date of the merger request; (iii) the merger is completed before the earlier of: any merger deadline or the Competition deadline; and (iv) the proposed combined Team otherwise meets all the requirements of these Rules.

d. Private Sharing. No private sharing outside of Teams. Privately sharing code or data outside of Teams is not permitted. It's okay to share code if made available to all Participants on the forums.
6. SUBMISSION CODE REQUIREMENTS

a. Private Code Sharing. Unless otherwise specifically permitted under the Competition Website or Competition Specific Rules above, during the Competition Period, you are not allowed to privately share source or executable code developed in connection with or based upon the Competition Data or other source or executable code relevant to the Competition (“Competition Code”). This prohibition includes sharing Competition Code between separate Teams, unless a Team merger occurs. Any such sharing of Competition Code is a breach of these Competition Rules and may result in disqualification.

b. Public Code Sharing. You are permitted to publicly share Competition Code, provided that such public sharing does not violate the intellectual property rights or any other rights of any third party. Provided further, you may not publicly share any Pokémon Elements ). If you do choose to share Competition Code or other such code, you are required to share it on Kaggle.com on the discussion forum or notebooks associated specifically with the Competition for the benefit of all competitors. By so sharing, you are deemed to have licensed the shared code under an Open Source Initiative-approved license (see www.opensource.org) that in no event limits commercial use of such Competition Code or model containing or depending on such Competition Code. For clarity, any code sharing hereunder shall not affect rights of Kaggle or Pokémon.

c. Use of Open Source. Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Competition Rules above, if open source code is used in the model to generate the Submission, then you must only use open source code licensed under an Open Source Initiative-approved license (see www.opensource.org) that in no event limits commercial use of such code or model containing or depending on such code.
7. DETERMINING WINNERS

a. Each Submission will be evaluated and ranked by judges based on the judging criteria stated on the Competition Website. The potential winner(s) are determined solely by the judges' evaluation, subject to compliance with these Rules.

b. In the event of a tie, the ranking will be determined through deliberation among the judges. In the event a potential winner is disqualified for any reason, the Submission that received the next highest rank will be chosen as the potential winner.
8. NOTIFICATION OF WINNERS & DISQUALIFICATION

a. The potential winner(s) will be notified by email.

b. If a potential winner (i) does not respond to the notification attempt within one (1) week from the first notification attempt or (ii) notifies Kaggle within one week after the Final Submission Deadline that the potential winner does not want to be nominated as a winner or does not want to receive a Prize, then, in each case (i) and (ii) such potential winner will not receive any Prize, and an alternate potential winner will be selected from among all eligible entries received based on the Competition’s judging criteria.

c. In case (i) and (ii) above Kaggle may disqualify the Participant. However, in case (ii) above, if requested by Kaggle, such potential winner may provide code and documentation to verify the Participant’s compliance with these Rules. If the potential winner provides code and documentation to the satisfaction of Kaggle, the Participant will not be disqualified pursuant to this paragraph.

d. The Host reserves the right to disqualify any Participant from the Competition if the Host reasonably believes that the Participant has attempted to undermine the legitimate operation of the Competition by cheating, deception, or other unfair playing practices or abuses, threatens or harasses any other Participants, or any Competition Entities.

e. A disqualified Participant may be removed from the list of Competition Writeups, at Kaggle's sole discretion. If a Participant is removed, additional winning features associated with the Kaggle competition platform, for example Kaggle points or medals, may also not be awarded.

f. The final list of winners and finalists will be publicly announced. Determinations of the Host are final and binding.
9. PRIZES

a. Prize(s) are as described on the Competition Website and are only available for winning during the time period described on the Competition Website. The odds of winning any Prize depends on the number of eligible Submissions received during the Competition Period and the skill of the Participants.

b. All Prizes are subject to the Host's review and verification of the Participant’s eligibility and compliance with these Rules, and the compliance of the winning Submissions with the Submissions Requirements. In the event that the Submission demonstrates non-compliance with these Competition Rules, Host may at its discretion take either of the following actions: (i) disqualify the Submission(s); or (ii) require the potential winner to remediate within one week after notice all issues identified in the Submission(s) (including, without limitation, the resolution of license conflicts, the fulfillment of all obligations required by software licenses, and the removal of any software that violates the software restrictions).

c. A potential winner may decline to be nominated as a Competition winner in accordance with Section 3.8.

d. Potential winners must return all required Prize acceptance documents within two (2) weeks following notification of such required documents, or such potential winner will be deemed to have forfeited the prize and another potential winner will be selected. Prize(s) will be awarded within approximately thirty (30) days after receipt by Kaggle of the required Prize acceptance documents. Transfer or assignment of a Prize is not allowed.

e. You are not eligible to receive any Prize if you do not meet the Eligibility requirements in Section 2.7 and Section 3.1 above.

f. If a Team wins a monetary Prize, the Prize money will be allocated in even shares between the eligible Team members, unless the Team unanimously opts for a different Prize split and notifies Kaggle before Prizes are issued.
10. TAXES

a. ALL TAXES IMPOSED ON PRIZES ARE THE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE WINNERS. Payments to potential winners are subject to the express requirement that they submit all documentation requested by Competition Entities for compliance with applicable state, federal, local and foreign (including provincial) tax reporting and withholding requirements. Prizes will be net of any taxes that any Competition Entity is required by law to withhold. If a potential winner fails to provide any required documentation or comply with applicable laws, the Prize may be forfeited and the Hostmay select an alternative potential winner. Any winners who are U.S. residents will receive an IRS Form-1099 in the amount of their Prize.
11. GENERAL CONDITIONS

a. All federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations apply.

b. You shall not assign, transfer, delegate, subcontract, or otherwise dispose of any of your rights, obligations, or contractual position under the Rules or other terms relating to the Competition, whether in whole or in part. Any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of this provision shall be null and void.

c. Kaggle or Pokémon may, at any time and without prior notice to you, change, suspend, or terminate the contents of the Competition. Pokémon shall not be liable for any damages or disadvantages incurred by you as a result of any such actions taken by Pokémon. Pokémon may, as necessary, modify all or part of these Terms. If Pokémon makes any changes to these Rules, such changes will be posted on the competition website. Such changes shall become effective at the time they are posted, and if you continue to participate in the competition after the posting of the changes, you shall be deemed to have agreed to the revised Rules.
12. PUBLICITY

a. You agree that, to the extent permitted by law, Pokémon, the parties involved in this Competition, Kaggle, and their affiliates may use your name, likeness for the purposes of operating, publicizing, advertising, promoting, announcing the results of, researching and developing, commercially utilizing, or otherwise engaging in activities related to this competition, without providing any additional compensation to you.
13. PRIVACY

a. You acknowledge and agree that Sponsor and Kaggle may collect, store, share and otherwise use personally identifiable information provided by you during the Kaggle account registration process and the Competition, including but not limited to, name, mailing address, phone number, and email address (“Personal Information”). Kaggle acts as an independent controller with regard to its collection, storage, sharing, and other use of this Personal Information, and will use this Personal Information in accordance with its Privacy Policy www.kaggle.com/privacy, including for administering the Competition. As a Kaggle.com account holder, you have the right to request access to, review, rectification, portability or deletion of any personal data held by Kaggle about you by logging into your account and/or contacting Kaggle Support at www.kaggle.com/contact.

b. Kaggle may transfer your Personal Information to the Sponsor, which acts as an independent controller with regard to this Personal Information. As a controller of such Personal Information, Kaggle agrees to comply with all U.S. and foreign data protection obligations with regard to your Personal Information. Kaggle will transfer your Personal Information to the Sponsor in the country specified in the Sponsor Address listed above, which may be a country outside the country of your residence. Such country may not have privacy laws and regulations similar to those of the country of your residence.
14. WARRANTY, INDEMNITY AND RELEASE

a. You warrant that your Submission is your own original work and, as such, you are the sole and exclusive owner and rights holder of the Submission, and you have the right to make the Submission and grant all required licenses. You agree not to make any Submission that: (i) infringes any third party proprietary rights, intellectual property rights, industrial property rights, personal or moral rights or any other rights, including without limitation, copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, privacy, publicity or confidentiality obligations, or defames any person; or (ii) otherwise violates any applicable U.S. or foreign state or federal law.

b. To the maximum extent permitted by law, you indemnify and agree to keep indemnified Competition Entities at all times from and against any liability, claims, demands, losses, damages, costs and expenses resulting from any of your acts, defaults or omissions and/or a breach of any warranty set forth herein. To the maximum extent permitted by law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Competition Entities from and against any and all claims, actions, suits or proceedings, as well as any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising out of or accruing from: (a) your Submission or other material uploaded or otherwise provided by you that infringes any third party proprietary rights, intellectual property rights, industrial property rights, personal or moral rights or any other rights, including without limitation, copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, privacy, publicity or confidentiality obligations, or defames any person; (b) any misrepresentation made by you in connection with the Competition; (c) any non-compliance by you with these Rules or any applicable U.S., Japanese or foreign state or federal law; (d) claims brought by persons or entities other than the parties to these Rules arising from or related to your involvement with the Competition; and (e) your acceptance, possession, misuse or use of any Prize, or your participation in the Competition and any Competition-related activity.

c. You hereby release Competition Entities from any liability associated with: (a) any malfunction or other problem with the Competition Website; (b) any error in the collection, processing, or retention of any Submission; or (c) any typographical or other error in the printing, offering or announcement of any Prize or winners.

d. Unless prohibited by applicable law, any claims by you shall be addressed to Kaggle first.
15. INTERNET

a. Competition Entities are not responsible for any malfunction of the Competition Website or any late, lost, damaged, misdirected, incomplete, illegible, undeliverable, or destroyed Submissions or entry materials due to system errors, failed, incomplete or garbled computer or other telecommunication transmission malfunctions, hardware or software failures of any kind, lost or unavailable network connections, typographical or system/human errors and failures, technical malfunction(s) of any telephone network or lines, cable connections, satellite transmissions, servers or providers, or computer equipment, traffic congestion on the Internet or at the Competition Website, or any combination thereof, which may limit a Participant’s ability to participate.
16. RIGHT TO CANCEL, MODIFY OR DISQUALIFY

a. If for any reason the Competition is not capable of running as planned, including infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity, or proper conduct of the Competition, Competition Entities reserve the right to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Competition. Competition Entities further reserve the right to disqualify any Participant who tampers with the submission process or any other part of the Competition or Competition Website. Any attempt by a Participant to deliberately damage any website, including the Competition Website, or undermine the legitimate operation of the Competition is a violation of criminal and civil laws. Should such an attempt be made, each Competition Entities reserves the right to seek damages from any such Participant to the fullest extent of the applicable law.
17. NOT AN OFFER OR CONTRACT OF EMPLOYMENT

a. Under no circumstances will the entry of a Submission, the awarding of a Prize, or anything in these Rules be construed as an offer or contract of employment with Sponsor or any of the Competition Entities. You acknowledge that you have submitted your Submission voluntarily and not in confidence or in trust. You acknowledge that no confidential, fiduciary, agency, employment or other similar relationship is created between you and Sponsor or any of the Competition Entities by your acceptance of these Rules or your entry of your Submission.
18. DEFINITIONS

a. "Competition Data" are the data or datasets available from the Competition Website for the purpose of use in the Competition, including any prototype or executable code provided on the Competition Website. The Competition Data will contain private and public test sets. Which data belongs to which set will not be made available to Participants.

b. An “Entry” is when a Participant has joined, signed up, or accepted the rules of a competition. Entry is required to make a Submission to a competition.

c. A “Final Submission” is the Submission selected by the user, or automatically selected by Kaggle in the event not selected by the user, that is/are used for final judging and evaluation of the Competition.

d. A “Host” is responsible for hosting the competition, which includes but is not limited to providing the data for the competition, determining winners, and enforcing competition rules.

e. A “Participant” or “Participant User” is an individual who participates in a competition by entering the competition and making a Submission.

f. “Pokémon Elements” means all works, ideas, concepts, information, data, and all related elements relating to the Character Pokémon, the Pokémon world setting, regardless of whether such elements constitute copyrightable works, methods, know-how, techniques, processes, formulas, or other intangible material listed below, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein.:

(1) Character Elements

All names, shapes, designs, silhouettes, color schemes, 2D/3D models, motion data, cries, voices, and all settings constituting characters related to Pokémon (including but not limited to types, attributes, abilities, moves, evolution/transformation processes and forms, stats, parameters, natures, and background information).

(2) World Setting and Story Elements

Literary works forming the basis of Pokémon, stories, plots, episodes, texts, dialogue, scenarios, and stage settings (including but not limited to the names and designs of regions, towns, facilities, terrain, and structures), as well as all items constituting the world setting (including but not limited to the names and designs of tools such as Poké Balls, machines, vehicles, and the like).

(3) Game, Card, and Simulator Elements

Systems, rules, game logic, damage calculation formulas, various parameters, UI/UX designs, card face designs, background illustrations, program works, cinematographic works, photographic works, artistic works, and musical works in video games, trading card games, simulators, applications, audiovisual works, and the like. Also included are all names, settings, and configuration data related to video games, card games, and the like (including but not limited to Pokémon abilities, move names, type matchups, status conditions, weather, fields, held items, Trainer names, item names, stadium names, energy types and effects, deck recipes, and party/deck construction data).

(4) Brand, Mark, and Trade Dress Elements

All names, titles, logos, marks, emblems, symbols, icons, and similar brand identification elements indicating Pokémon, as well as the overall appearance, design, packaging, and trade dress of the Sponsor's products and services.

(5) Machine Learning/AI Data and Derivative Works

All derivative works, derivatives, and outputs newly created by using, inputting, extracting, analyzing, reproducing, adapting, or modifying any of the foregoing Pokémon elements, to the extent that such outputs incorporate or embody visual appearance, names, or specific characteristics of Pokémon characters or the Pokémon world setting. This includes all illustrations, images, text, audio, video, and 3D models generated, synthesized, or output through the use of artificial intelligence or machine learning tools.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, "Pokémon Elements" shall not include the machine learning models, algorithms, source code, embeddings, vector data, tensors, or trained model weights developed or generated by participants during the Competition. Participants retain all rights to such models and materials, subject to the following restrictions:

・Participants may not use any models trained on Pokémon Elements, or the Pokémon Elements themselves, for any purpose outside of participating in the Competition.

・Participants may not use the Pokémon Elements or models derived from them for commercial purposes or to create products that compete with the Sponsor.

・Winners of the Competition will grant the Sponsor a license to or assignment of their winning submissions as set forth in the Winner License agreement.

The act of using that model to regenerate or extract Pokémon Elements outside of the Competition is an infringement of the Sponsor’s IP rights. The foregoing shall apply equally to the regeneration or extraction of Pokémon Elements through the use of any derivative model, algorithm, or similar technology, as well as any product or service, (outside of the Competition).

g. A “Sponsor” is responsible for, among other things, funding the prizes, and is entitled to certain branding and publicity of the Competition. For the avoidance of doubt, the Host is responsible for all matters relating to the awarding of Prizes.

h. A “Submission” is anything provided by the Participant to the Host to be evaluated in accordance with the judging criteria of the Competition. A Submission may be made as a model, notebook, prediction file, or other format as determined by the Host.

i. A “Team” is one or more Participants participating together in a Kaggle competition, by officially merging together as a Team within the competition platform.

COMPETITION TERMS AND CONDITIONS

I agree to the Competition-specific rules above and Kaggle’s Foundational Competition Rules. The Kaggle Competition Foundational Rules supersede the Competition-specific rules in the event of any conflict.

I understand joining this Competition creates a direct relationship between the Host and me. Kaggle has no liability for any promised prizes, commitments, content, or actions of a Host or Participant.

When the hackathon closes, your writeup will be licensed under MIT, and be publicly available on Kaggle, attributed to your current Kaggle display name. If you need to update this attribution later, reach out to support@kaggle.com.


